---
title: Canteen Advertisement
permalink: /information/canteen/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>Damai Secondary School</strong> would like to invite interested applicants to operate the following stalls in our school canteen with effect from 22 January 2024.</p><p>Should you know of anyone who is interested, please help to circulate this info.</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Type of Stall</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Closing Date</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Requirements</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Chinese Cooked Food</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>29 December 2023</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Non-halal</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Application Procedure</strong></p><ol><li><p>Download and complete the application form. You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.</p></li><li><p>Attach the following documents together with the application form:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back)</p></li><li><p>List of proposed menu and pricing for all items</p></li><li><p>Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course, etc</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Click here for <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/13IZ7aNbwDa5VRxDpbTrRRxUG7ZKuKx1f/view?usp=sharing" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Application Form</a></p></li><li><p>Submit the completed application form and documents by closing date via email OR to the School’s General Office.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Address: 4800 Bedok Reservoir Road Singapore 479229</p></li><li><p>Contact No: 6443 6848</p></li><li><p>Email: <a href="mailto:Damai_ss@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Damai_ss@moe.edu.sg</a></p></li><li><p>Contact Person:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Mr Toh Boon Chiang (Administrative Executive)</p></li><li><p>Mdm Hasimah Bte Kassim (CSO)</p></li></ul></li></ul></li></ol><p><strong>How to get to our school?</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Bus number: 5, 21, 59, 65 &amp; 228 – 3-5 minutes walking distance</p></li></ul><p>&nbsp;<strong>Interested applicants must meet the following criteria:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Singapore citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide good service and quality food with prices determined in consultation with the school.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide cooked food that meets the health / nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the “Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP)” guidelines –(<a href="https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes</a>).</p></li><li><p>Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene.</p></li><li><p>Healthy and fit to operate the stall.</p></li><li><p>School/Catering experience preferred.</p></li><li><p>Successful applicant must personally operate the stall during canteen operation hours.</p></li><li><p>Proposed menu with price list must be attached to the application form for our consideration.</p></li><li><p>Successful candidates (and their helpers) will have to register and pass the Basic Food Hygiene Course (WSQ BFHC) and then apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA).</p></li><li><p>Shortlisted applicants will be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant’s own expense.</p></li></ul><p></p>